Document HTMLAllCollection (#27974)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlallcollection/item/index.md

---
title: "HTMLAllCollection: item() method"
short-title: item()
slug: Web/API/HTMLAllCollection/item
page-type: web-api-instance-method
browser-compat: api.HTMLAllCollection.item
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`item()`** method of the {{domxref("HTMLAllCollection")}} interface returns the element located at the specified offset into the collection, or the node with the specified id or name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`item()`** method of the {{domxref("HTMLAllCollection")}} interface returns the element located at the specified offset into the collection, or the node with the specified value for its `id` or `name` attribute.
```

## Syntax

```js-nolint
item(nameOrIndex)
```

### Parameters

- `nameOrIndex`

>   - : An integer representing the position of the {{domxref("Element")}} to be returned. Elements appear in an `HTMLAllCollection` in the same order in which they appear in the document's source. If the value is a string that's not a valid integer, it will be interpreted as the name or id of the node to be returned.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what "a string that's not a valid integer" means. Does it mean, a string that can't be converted to an integer? If so should this be something like:

```suggestion
  - : If this parameter is an integer, or a string that can be converted to an integer, then it represents the position of the {{domxref("Element")}} to be returned. Elements appear in an `HTMLAllCollection` in the same order in which they appear in the document's source. If the parameter is a string can't be converted to an integer, it will be interpreted as the `name` or `id` of the element to be returned.
```

?
